we're not at the Ace Hotel just because
it is a hip trendy skinny jean hotel
here in this nouveau chic part of Los
Angeles we chose the ACE because this
building has two direct ties to the
original Biola building that make it
especially fitting for tonight's
celebration of the university's soul of
conviction voice of courage campaign
this is a historic evening this is a
historic spot we can change the world by
the grace of Jesus Christ but he really
is leaving it up to us so why was it
that we embarked on this the largest
campaign in bio university's history it
is our job and our responsibility vilas
always has trusted in God for provisions
beyond what experts say was possible I
hereby declare the opening of the public
phase of Iowa's largest ever campaign a
soul of conviction a voice of cars a
campaign for Biola University with a
goal of raising 180 million dollars by
December 2016